this is about the pen-down at IIT-BHU,Varanasi. this pen-down has been extended till all our demands has been fulfiled. we will not stop the pen-down till then.
there may be some disiplenary actions against us for not attending the classes and bycatting the cts.

right now we are at vecations but we are really dogged about the protest that we won't end this until the senate meet happens and all our demands are promised .


this time i am going to tell a story about my childhood and my bad practices about commiting a theft in my own house. I don't know what my age was at that time but pretty sure that i could deal with money and well familiar with all the denominations of indian currency. I was fond of going to the shop and buying candies and cookies but sometimes i wasn't given money from my home for such activies. So i took Rs. 100 note from my father's pocket and found a safe place for money keeping ,back of an old picture in first floor of my house in my village. i used to keep change there and buy candies at my will it last for a long time but finally i was caught red handed and had ti apologize for my mistake to my father and my whole family and i promised not to commit any more of them .
this story came to my mind suddenly because my newphew has started doing the same practices of taking some change away from home to buy candies .

I am fedup with the village system of early marriage. I can't help it . If i have to go against it means i have to go against all my elders those are in support of that. I don't know how to convince them, some people are comming for marriage proposal to my father and my father gets no greater joy than controlling people and performing 'malikgiri' in marriage processions. I love my father and grand-father but hate their views and ideas and their way for forcing others.
I too am not sure about my future like what should i do? jobs or further studies.
today my elder brother and i tried to convince my grand father about waiting about 4-5 years for my wedding then he said 'ye to sab racha hota hai ki kab kiski shadi honi hai aur kisase honi hai koi use rok ya badal nahi sakta'.
what my decision is?
I won't involve in this kind of activies and i won't marry for about 4-5 years . I want to enjoy my life not to rest and do such idiotic things to my life and others.


There continues the next era of our graduation , had a great blast during intern at amazon and now in my final year with all my batchmates and enjoying this final year to it's fullest.
here are some of my concerns:
I am still waiting for the the ppo from amazon so as to enjoy this year and do some research activities.
If i am having a rejection or a PPI then i have to reread all those things and prepare for the the placement interviews.
